TODO2.md, before:

- build:rm-json: Get rid of Json
- build:standalone: Inculde third-party packages and build statically
- build:wasm: Test with wasm [req: build:standalone]

- arch:ldl-lib: Make LDL a standalone library ?
- arch:shared-lib: Make Lair a dll/so (need to remove a lot of inline stuff)

- log:newlines: Indent new lines and replace tabs by spaces.

- ldl:rewrite: Rewrite a more readable and maintainable version of LdlParser ?
- ldl:fix-line-number: Line/col number do not match the current token but the position of the buffer object.

- sys:mouse: Better mouse support
- sys:gamepad: Support gamepads

- assets:rework: Rethink asset system _or_ document it
- assets:simple-loader: Create a simple, single-threaded loader
- assets:default-resources: Built-in default texture, font, etc.
- assets:cleanup: Remove cached objects when possible
- assets:group: Create assets groups to automatically follow load progress / release assets
- assets:autoreload: Track file changes and auto-reload assets
- assets:race-condition: Fix race-condition when accessing loader callbacks.
- assets:main-thread-loader-fix: "Main-thread" loader are not guaranteed to be on the main thread if they are started from an other loader.
- assets:load-deps: Add a way to declare loader dependencies (tile maps must be loaded after models)
- assets:coroutine: Create a worker-thread / coroutine ordonnancer and use it in loader.

- render:shader-error: Improve shader compilation error by showing the right file/line combination.
- render:fbo: Support FBO
- render:tex-filter: Texture filtering function [req: render:shader-include]
- render:tex-atlas: Allow one GL texture to contain several "logical" texture (batching)
- render:tex-pack: Automatic texture packing (offline ?) [req: render:tex-atlas]
- render:uniform-buffer: Improve uniform args system + use uniform buffers.
- render:shapes: Shape drawing (stroke + filled)
- render:text: Text shaders (sdf / vector)

- entities:render-pass: Support render passes + render parameters
- entities:camera-sg: Include camera in the scene-graph
- entities:prop-array: Allow components property to live in a separate array for performances and ping-pong for interpolation
- entities:bake-disable: Propagate disabled state to avoid walking the tree to know if an entity is enabled
- entities:tile-map-culling: Update render so it uses culling instead of static buffers
- entities:tranforms-helper: Write transforms methods for entities for convenience
- entities:relative-path: Loading entities from ldl don't support relative paths.
- entities:pack-tiled: Python script to pack tiled template in a single ldl
- entities:post-load: Add a callback to update entities after load from ldl, using type and custom properties.
- entities:thread-safety: Make entities and component creation / destruction thread-safe. Entity/component read/write should be synchronised using some other method.
- entities:component-manager: Merge ComponentManager and DenseComponentManager ?
- entities:remove-comp-vtable: Remove component v-table.

- coll:enhance: Finish & test basic shape collisions

- script:proto: Prototype a simple scripting language ?

- audio:rewrite: Better audio support (OpenAL ?)

- ui:proto: Prototype a UI framework

- framework:create: Framework module: include GameBase and stuff to reduce boilerplace in Lair projects. Also make them more robust to changes ?

- vector:create: Create custom vector / matrix primitives to replace eigen's one by default. The goal is to reduce dependency on template stuff, improve compile time and hopefully improve perfs in debug.

Commit message:

Fixed a race condition in Loader + related fixes.

TODO2.md, after:

- build:rm-json: Get rid of Json
- build:standalone: Inculde third-party packages and build statically
- build:wasm: Test with wasm [req: build:standalone]

- arch:ldl-lib: Make LDL a standalone library ?
- arch:shared-lib: Make Lair a dll/so (need to remove a lot of inline stuff)

- log:newlines: Indent new lines and replace tabs by spaces.

- ldl:rewrite: Rewrite a more readable and maintainable version of LdlParser ?
- ldl:fix-line-number: Line/col number do not match the current token but the position of the buffer object.
- ldl:var-inline: Add an inline flag to VarMap and VarList and maybe a list style ?

- sys:mouse: Better mouse support
- sys:gamepad: Support gamepads

- assets:rework: Rethink asset system _or_ document it
- assets:simple-loader: Create a simple, single-threaded loader
- assets:default-resources: Built-in default texture, font, etc.
- assets:cleanup: Remove cached objects when possible
- assets:group: Create assets groups to automatically follow load progress / release assets
- assets:autoreload: Track file changes and auto-reload assets
- assets:main-thread-loader-fix: "Main-thread" loader are not guaranteed to be on the main thread if they are started from an other loader.
- assets:load-deps: Add a way to declare loader dependencies (tile maps must be loaded after models)
- assets:coroutine: Create a worker-thread / coroutine ordonnancer and use it in loader.

- render:shader-error: Improve shader compilation error by showing the right file/line combination.
- render:fbo: Support FBO
- render:tex-filter: Texture filtering function [req: render:shader-include]
- render:tex-atlas: Allow one GL texture to contain several "logical" texture (batching)
- render:tex-pack: Automatic texture packing (offline ?) [req: render:tex-atlas]
- render:uniform-buffer: Improve uniform args system + use uniform buffers.
- render:shapes: Shape drawing (stroke + filled)
- render:text: Text shaders (sdf / vector)

- entities:render-pass: Support render passes + render parameters
- entities:camera-sg: Include camera in the scene-graph
- entities:prop-array: Allow components property to live in a separate array for performances and ping-pong for interpolation
- entities:bake-disable: Propagate disabled state to avoid walking the tree to know if an entity is enabled
- entities:tile-map-culling: Update render so it uses culling instead of static buffers
- entities:tranforms-helper: Write transforms methods for entities for convenience
- entities:relative-path: Loading entities from ldl don't support relative paths.
- entities:pack-tiled: Python script to pack tiled template in a single ldl
- entities:post-load: Add a callback to update entities after load from ldl, using type and custom properties.
- entities:thread-safety: Make entities and component creation / destruction thread-safe. Entity/component read/write should be synchronised using some other method.
- entities:component-manager: Merge ComponentManager and DenseComponentManager ?
- entities:remove-comp-vtable: Remove component v-table.

- coll:enhance: Finish & test basic shape collisions

- script:proto: Prototype a simple scripting language ?

- audio:rewrite: Better audio support (OpenAL ?)

- ui:proto: Prototype a UI framework

- framework:create: Framework module: include GameBase and stuff to reduce boilerplace in Lair projects. Also make them more robust to changes ?

- vector:create: Create custom vector / matrix primitives to replace eigen's one by default. The goal is to reduce dependency on template stuff, improve compile time and hopefully improve perfs in debug.
